I'm starting out by priming the eye area
and this should come as no surprise at
this stage it's so important prime prior
to eyeshadow application if you don't
have an eyeshadow primer just use a
little foundation and set it with your
face powder and it'll more or less work
the same way as a primer would as we are
working with color today I am taking an
extra step and applying a white
eyeshadow base to really make those
colors pop I'm not applying the pencil
directly to the eye because it's harder
to blend that way I'm rubbing some onto
my finger first and then the warmth of
my hands will make the pencil a little
more creamy and a lot more easier to
blend out to prevent the base from
creasing I'm going to set it with white
eyeshadow so I'm just applying the white
sets wash of color all over the lid and
up to the brow bone and this will
develop as our brow bone highlight next
I'm taking a shimmery white eyeshadow
and I'm using this to highlight around
the tear duct of my eye this just gives
a nice brightening effect and helps to
open up the eyes
so now it's time for the color the first
one I'm taking is yellow and you want to
use patting motions opposed to sweeping
motions to apply this shadow to ensure
that you get a nice even color payoff
and to also prevent fallout I don't like
to use tape or anything for this next
step I prefer to draw a line angling
from my lower lash line out towards the
end of my brow to act as a guide for the
eye shadow application in the crease
because that line is there I'll know not
to blend my eye shadows out past that
point and though we're working with
color the same rule applies you want to
work your way up from the lighter to the
darker shadows I'm starting out with a
light shade of purple and I'm applying
this little by little into the crease of
the eye that's also an important tip to
remember you want to take a little color
on your brush at the time and build up
the intensity gradually you'll be less
likely to make mistakes and you'll get a
better finish this way so once I'm happy
with the finish the lighter shade of
purple I'm taking a slightly deeper
shade and applying it a little deeper
into the crease of the eye
finally then I'm taking the darker shade
of purple in this palette and applying
it into the crease I don't want this
look to be a cut crease makeup look so
I'm blending that purple eyeshadow down
onto the outer third of my eyelid I'm
using sweeping and circular motions to
buff and blend the color along the outer
V of my eye and also into the crease to
make sure that we still have got nice
gradient effect I'm going back in with
the lighter shade of purple and buffing
around the edges of the eyeshadow that
we applied to really add some depth to
the look I'm using a black eyeshadow on
the outer third of the eye only I am
taking a small amount black on my brush
and then applying it to the area and
that's it I'm then pulling the black up
into the crease and slightly across the
outer portion of my eyelid and then
after pulling the shadow to the areas
that I want I'm tapping it until it's
nicely dispersed
so that's it for the eyelid in terms of
shadows now I'm drawing on a dramatic
winged liner and I'm not going to go
into detail on this as I have a full
tutorial which I leave inked below so
now I'm going to apply some false lashes
and then we can move on to the lower
lash line so firstly I'm taking that
dark purple on a pencil brush and
sweeping along the extra portion of my
lower lash line then I'm switching to an
angled brush as I find I can apply the
product more precisely along the inner
portion of my lower lash line with this
brush opposed to the pencil brush that I
was using finally then I'm taking a
small amount of the black shadow and
focusing this on the outer third of the
lower lash line I never usually apply
liner to my waterline but I did want to
for this look fine taking a deep purple
liner and drawing it directly on my
waterline for mascara I'm literally just
using this to blend my lashes in with
false ones as you can see I'm pressing
the wand into the base of my lashes and
not of the lengths of the false ones and
this will also keep the lashes in better
condition too and that is so I hope you
enjoyed the tutorial and I'll see you
all my next one